/////Project #1
Hi!  Here's my rationale for the display screen/what I omitted.

1. I removed the department portion and course number, as it doesn't benefit the student, and whether they will enroll in the class or not.
2. I removed section as the student could find this out later, and it is not relevant to them personally.
3. I removed building and room, as they are likely not important to the student, unless they had accessibility concerns.
4. I removed the capacity, but left the availible seats.  The student only needs to know if they can enroll or not.
5. I removed the campus key, as I expect almost all students will be attending local classes, and if they are local, it is of little consequence if they have an online or remote class.
6. I removed the line, as I genuinely haven't ever used this, and I do not know how this benefits students.  If it was needed, I likely would have used it.


For the colors, I made it black/gold to match Geneva's colors.

/////Project #2
Hello again! Here's my explanation for how I laid out this page.

1. I used a backgroud image to make the page feel a bit less "static."
2. Making the colors close to Geneva's to fit the overall black/gold theme.  
3. The highlight color is distinguishable enough from the other colors, but still similar.
4. When clicked, the list items display what I believe to be the most relevant pieces of info.
5. On each list item, the numerical/critical text is bolded to draw attention.
6. I formatted the instructor's name to be a bit more readable.
7. The deselected courses do NOT show their extended info, so that the user is not overloaded with information.
8. The number of the extended info in the list items is 7 lines.  I felt more info would become confusing, and overwhelming.  Realistically, the user needs the name of the course, the time slot, the section, and the code to sign up for it.  
9. I wanted to eliminate confusion on the lab courses, so for all lab courses I removed the "0 credit" section, and replaced it with "Lab Portion."

I put a lot of work into this one.  Feel free to add/remove a line from the JSON, my code should fully function dynamically :)

/////Project #3
Hi ya!
Yeah, so the stupidly long line for more info is back...with FRIENDS!  I built a lot of this on my previous project, and made the code more robust and pretty..? Can't really say that....

Here's the fun things!
1. Added GIFs to the project for that pizza! factor.  Was gonna add a nice little easter egg, but can't brain think now.  Spent most of the weekend, not that I dislike it.  
2. Searches do not fetch from the server EVERY time the user types, in fact, data is pulled once and stored in the "courses" variable.
3. You can remove full courses with a button press.
4. Emailing professors works, and if I had more time, I'd have made the email formatted such that the ser could press send and the professor would have a prewritten eamil sent to them.
I had a lot of fun with this.  It was more difficult than expected, but I enjoyed it, would add some more details if I had time to work on it tomorrow.  

Thanks for teaching! 

~Ian
